# Attendees
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Arunesh Chandra (@aruneshc) - observer
* Ian Halliday (@ianwjhalliday)
* Sampson Gao (@sampsongao)
* Ali Sheikh (@ofrobots)
* Barrett Harber (@thelogicbox)
* Patrick Mueller (@pmuellr) - lurking

# Agenda
* Stand up
* Actions from last meeting
* Update on work for ABI stable module API by -
  @ianwjhalliday, @sampsongao and @mhdawson
* milestone planning
* Keep working in Ianâ€™s fork or somewhere else ?
* open issue review

# Meeting minutes

## Stand up
* Michael Dawson
  * working on getting all NaN examples running
  * refactored to remove C++ elements from API
  * starting to look at sqlite3 as another more significant module to port
* Ian Halliday
  * started getting NaN examples converted to API
  * converted leveldown module to API, no v8 imports!
  * will investigate performance impact to leveldown next
* Sampson Gao
  * Modify the init method for addons by NODE_MODULE_ABI
  * building new tests for api/abi
* Ali Ijaz Sheikh (@ofrobots)
  * Steady progress on FFI proof-of-concept.

## Actions from last meeting
Michael to review README.md to see if we can improve positioning versus Nan wg.  Rolled over as he has not gotten to this yet.

## Update on ABI stable working

* walked through node_jsvmapi.h to show current methods
* walked through selection of NaN examples with comparison between
  ABI stable and NaN/native versions.
* Walked through level down as a larger module that has been ported observer
* Discussed some next steps which include:
  * Updating EPS to reflect current methods
  * Opening issue (Michael) to discuss if we should continue to use Ian's
    repo or move code somewhere else.
  * porting of sqlite3
  * performance testing on leveldown


Code is currently available here:
https://github.com/ianwjhalliday/node/tree/api-opaque-prototype/src

  * node_jsvmapi.cc
  * node_jsvmapi.h
  * node_jsvmapi_internal.h
  * node_jsvmapi_types.h

and NaN examples here:

https://github.com/ianwjhalliday/node-addon-examples/tree/api-opaque-prototype

and level down port here:

https://github.com/ianwjhalliday/leveldown/tree/api-opaque-prototype


If anybody wants to build/run examples and its not obvious how just ping
Ian/Michael/Sampson.

## milestone planning

Did a quick review of this issue where some of the milestones are captured:
https://github.com/nodejs/api/issues/23.  Some discussion of timing but
still need more work to define.  Thought was unlikely be to done before
end of year.

## Keep working in Ian's fork ?

Quick discussion on whether we should keep working in Ian's fork or not. Agreed
we should move discussion back to github.  Michael has action to open issues
to start that disscussion.

## Open issues review

The other action items took more than the allocated time (30 mins over). So
we skipped this review for this time.

# Actions for next meeting

* Michael to review README.md to see if we can improve positioning
  versus Nan wg.
* Ian/Michael to update EPS to reflect work on API so far
* Michael to open issue to discuss if we should continue to use
  Ian's repo or move somewhere else.

## Next meeting

To be scheduled for about a month from now

